[ci-visibility] Add cypress' limitation with `after:run` (#18728)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/tests/javascript.md

### Cypress version 10 or later

> Use the Cypress API documentation to [learn how to write plugins][1] for `cypress>=10`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Cypress API documentation to [learn how to write plugins][101] for `cypress>=10`.
```

  }
})
{{< /code-block >}}

> <div class="alert alert-warning"><strong>Note</strong>: Datadog requires the <a href="#cypress-afterrun-event">'after:run'</a> cypress event to work, and Cypress does not currently allow multiple <a href="">'after:run'</a> handlers. This means that if you are currently using this event, dd-trace will not work properly.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning"><strong>Note</strong>: Datadog requires the <a href="#cypress-afterrun-event">'after:run'</a> cypress event to work, and Cypress does not allow multiple <a href="">'after:run'</a> handlers. If you are using this event, <code>dd-trace</code> will not work properly.</div>
```

### Cypress before version 10

These are the instructions if you're using a version older than `cypress@10`.

> 1. Set [`pluginsFile`][2] to `"dd-trace/ci/cypress/plugin"`, for example, through [`cypress.json`][3]:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set [`pluginsFile`][102] to `"dd-trace/ci/cypress/plugin"`, for example, through [`cypress.json`][103]:
```

  }
})
{{< /code-block >}}

> <div class="alert alert-warning"><strong>Note</strong>: Datadog requires the <a href="#cypress-afterrun-event">'after:run'</a> cypress event to work, and Cypress does not allow multiple <a href="">'after:run'</a> handlers. If you are using this event, <code>dd-trace</code> will not work properly.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning"> Datadog requires the <a href="#cypress-afterrun-event">after:run</a> Cypress event to work, and Cypress does not allow multiple <a href="">'after:run'</a> handlers. If you are using this event, dd-trace will not work properly.</div>
```

     require('dd-trace/ci/cypress/plugin')(on, config)
   }
   {{< /code-block >}}

>    <div class="alert alert-warning"><strong>Note</strong>: Datadog requires the <a href="#cypress-afterrun-event">'after:run'</a> cypress event to work, and Cypress does not allow multiple <a href="">'after:run'</a> handlers. If you are using this event, <code>dd-trace</code> will not work properly.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   <div class="alert alert-warning"> Datadog requires the <a href="#cypress-afterrun-event">'after:run'</a> Cypress event to work, and Cypress does not allow multiple <a href="">'after:run'</a> handlers. If you are using this event, <code>dd-trace</code> will not work properly.</div>
```

     require('dd-trace/ci/cypress/plugin')(on, config)
   }
   {{< /code-block >}}

>    <div class="alert alert-warning"><strong>Note</strong>: Datadog requires the <a href="#cypress-afterrun-event">'after:run'</a> cypress event to work, and Cypress does not currently allow multiple <a href="">'after:run'</a> handlers. This means that if you are currently using this event, dd-trace will not work properly.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   <div class="alert alert-warning"><strong>Note</strong>: Datadog requires the <a href="#cypress-afterrun-event">'after:run'</a> cypress event to work, and Cypress does not allow multiple <a href="">'after:run'</a> handlers. If you are using this event, <code>dd-trace</code> will not work properly.</div>
```

> 2. Add the following line to the **top level** of your [`supportFile`][4]:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add the following line to the **top level** of your [`supportFile`][104]:
```

})
```

> To create filters or `group by` fields for these tags, you must first create facets. For more information about adding tags, see the [Adding Tags][5] section of the Node.js custom instrumentation documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create filters or `group by` fields for these tags, you must first create facets. For more information about adding tags, see the [Adding Tags][105] section of the Node.js custom instrumentation documentation.
```

### Cypress - RUM integration

> If the browser application being tested is instrumented using [Browser Monitoring][6], your Cypress test results and their generated RUM browser sessions and session replays are automatically linked. For more information, see the [Instrumenting your browser tests with RUM guide][7].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the browser application being tested is instrumented using [Browser Monitoring][106], your Cypress test results and their generated RUM browser sessions and session replays are automatically linked. For more information, see the [Instrumenting your browser tests with RUM guide][107].
```

> [1]: https://docs.cypress.io/api/plugins/writing-a-plugin#Plugins-API
> [2]: https://docs.cypress.io/guides/core-concepts/writing-and-organizing-tests#Plugins-file
> [3]: https://docs.cypress.io/guides/references/configuration#cypress-json
> [4]: https://docs.cypress.io/guides/core-concepts/writing-and-organizing-tests#Support-file
> [5]: /tracing/trace_collection/custom_instrumentation/nodejs?tab=locally#adding-tags
> [6]: /real_user_monitoring/browser/#setup
> [7]: /continuous_integration/guides/rum_integration/

Reviewer: These links are nested in a tab, so it's important to have them as different anchors as the links at the bottom of the page!

```suggestion
[101]: https://docs.cypress.io/api/plugins/writing-a-plugin#Plugins-API
[102]: https://docs.cypress.io/guides/core-concepts/writing-and-organizing-tests#Plugins-file
[103]: https://docs.cypress.io/guides/references/configuration#cypress-json
[104]: https://docs.cypress.io/guides/core-concepts/writing-and-organizing-tests#Support-file
[105]: /tracing/trace_collection/custom_instrumentation/nodejs?tab=locally#adding-tags
[106]: /real_user_monitoring/browser/#setup
[107]: /continuous_integration/guides/rum_integration/
```

## Known limitations

### ES modules

> [Mocha >=9.0.0][8] uses an ESM-first approach to load test files. That means that if [ES modules][9] are used (for example, by defining test files with the `.mjs` extension), _the instrumentation is limited_. Tests are detected, but there isn't visibility into your test. For more information about ES modules, see the [Node.js documentation][10].

Reviewer: I'm not sure if the ES modules and the Node.js documentation are supposed to share the same link or not!

```suggestion
[Mocha >=9.0.0][8] uses an ESM-first approach to load test files. That means that if [ES modules][10] are used (for example, by defining test files with the `.mjs` extension), _the instrumentation is limited_. Tests are detected, but there isn't visibility into your test. For more information about ES modules, see the [Node.js documentation][10].
```

### Browser tests
Browser tests executed with `mocha`, `jest`, `cucumber`, `cypress`, and `playwright` are instrumented by `dd-trace-js`, but visibility into the browser session itself is not provided by default (for example, network calls, user actions, page loads, and more.).

If you want visibility into the browser process, consider using [RUM & Session Replay][11]. When using Cypress, test results and their generated RUM browser sessions and session replays are automatically linked. For more information, see the [Instrumenting your browser tests with RUM guide][9].

### Cypress interactive mode

Cypress interactive mode (which you can enter by running `cypress open`) is not supported by CI Visibility because some cypress events, such as [`before:run`][12], are not fired. If you want to try it anyway, pass `experimentalInteractiveRunEvents: true` to the [cypress configuration file][13].

### Cypress `after:run` event

> Datadog requires the usage of Cypress' [`after:run` event][14]. Currently, Cypress only allows a single listener for this event, so if your custom Cypress plugin requires `after:run`, it will be incompatible with `dd-trace`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog requires usage of the Cypress [`after:run` event][14]. Cypress only allows a single listener for this event, so if your custom Cypress plugin requires `after:run`, it is incompatible with `dd-trace`.
```
